# Week 2 Meeting Minutes `25/02/22`

# Attendees:

```
• James He
• Henry Wan
• Hanqi Bai
• Ella Huang
```

----

## **1. Discussed topics**

- Inconsistencies of the importing strategy used between running with `pytest` vs using `python3` directly
- Module tests to be written by next Tuesday 
- Next meeting during Tuesday lab session to discuss merges and next steps
- Issues board on Gitlab needs to be setup
- Task assignment (seen in section 2)

## **2. Task assignment**

* Hanqi
    > auth_login_v1()  
    > auth_register_v1()

* Henry
    > channels_create_v1()  
    > channels_list_v1()  
    > channels_listall_v1()

* James
    > channel_details_v1()  
    > channel_join_v1()  
    > channel_invite_v1()

* Ella 
    > channel_message_v1()  
    > clear_v1()  
    > design data_store structure

## **3. Additional Notes**

* teammate have to write up `pytest` for the function that they've been assigned (due 1st March, next Tue)
* Henry will be resonsible for setting up the GitLab issues board

----
**This meeting minute is authored by `Ella Huang` and translated to `.md` format by `Henry Wan`**