# Week 3 Meeting Minutes `4/3/2022`

## Attendees

```
• James He
• Henry Wan
• Ella Huang
```

## **1. Agenda:**

- Things to do before final submission
- Test fixtures

## **2. Discussion points:**

### Jobs left before submission:

- Finish `pytest` and clean up code (style / adding docstrings)
- Channel invite and channel details implementation
    - Ella to take over channel details
- Look out for any bugs / inconsistencies that might mess up automark + try to get a working iteration up before the last automark on Saturday
- Coverage checks

### Test fixtures:

- Everyone does their own for now, might migrate to a shared file in the future if it seems necessary

## **3. Actions Items:**

- James: Complete `channel_join` and `channel_invite` functions
- Ella: Code up tests and implementation for `channel_details` by Saturday
- Everyone: Check code styling and coverage

----

**This meeting minute is authored by `Ella Huang` and translated to `.md` format by `Henry Wan`**
